feat(markdown): add tag extension (#116504)
getsentry/sentry: static/app/components/core/markdown/markdown.mdx

}
```

## Tags

Tags are a minimal Markdown syntax extension for custom embedded components. Inspired by [Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev/) tag syntax, they let consumers wire up their own integration surface — for example, Seer uses tags to embed entity refs and generated artifacts inline in streamed markdown.

Two syntax forms are supported:

**Self-closing** — inline within text, no body:

```
The crash is caused by {% ref type="issue" id="PROJ-ABC" /%} in the auth middleware.
```

**Block** — with a JSON body between opening and closing tags:

```
{% artifact type="root-cause" %}
{"description":"Race condition in session refresh","severity":"high"}
{% /artifact %}
```

The `Tag` component receives four props:

- **`name`** — the tag name (e.g. `"ref"`, `"artifact"`, or domain-specific conventions)

> - **`level`** — `'block'` or `'inline'`, reflecting where the parser encountered the tag (not the syntax form)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`level`** — `"block"` or `"inline"`, reflecting where the parser encountered the tag (not the syntax form)
```
